‎We listen to you and understand you because we’re not just techies - we’re entrepreneurs as well. We know that getting users is difficult. We know that you don’t care whether we use C or Haskell, as long as your product gets done in a timely manner and the users come running to use your product. That’s why we started Xemplry - to provide premium technical services to premium clients like you who want to grow their businesses with the aid of technology.
And remember, it’s not just your product - it’s our product as well and we take great pride in
So how do we work?
We sit and discuss with you to get a deep understanding of your problem.
We identify your target market and design the user interface and user experience tailored for them to maximize user satisfaction.
We design the software architecture to meet one or more of the following requirements dependent on your domain:
Scalability smoothly accommodate the growth of your business
Performance don’t make the user wait
Malleability  deploy new features quickly and efficiently
Robustness Make sure your app can handle any unexpected situation silently, leaving your user unaware that any problem occurred
Security build trust with your users
 
What does this mean for you business? Cheap scaling, and reduction in recurring technical costs, rapid product delivery.
We select the technology stack that will best implement the solution given your unique requirements.
 Suppose. 
We think about the future of your business. We know that you worry about how much effort it'll take to scale your business from 100 users to 100,000 users. Don't worry we've got your back. 
We know that your customers are paranoid about whether their data is safe with you. 
We know that your competitors are employing their best efforts to beat you out.
We know that you need a way to distinguish yourself, establish to your customers that you're the king of your domain, and that you're here to stay.

, who building features faster than you can. Don't worry! We keep ourselves up-to-date and obsessively find ways to write code faster and more accurately. We have explored far and wide to weed out from the exploding number of frameworks and APIs. We discover
Who are we? We're Xemplary. We give excellence in a package. When you work with us, you demonstrate to us that you choose excellence over mediocrity. You show us that you are willing to move forward and exploit the hidden opportunities around you to produce explosive growth for your business. You show us that you will do whatever it takes to beat your competitors. 
So how are we able to accomplish all this? We have a secret weapon. But because you've made it this far we'll share it with you. On our quest to find the technology that can tackle complex problems with ease and elegance, we found Haskell. Haskell is the epitome of the functional programming paradigm, the paradigm that will rule the world in the coming yedears. 

Still there? Send us an email. 
Who are we?
We are t
t



Ready to 
We know that you're not afraid to take risk




Why should we pay high for you when we can get cheap labor Java/.NET/PHP developers to bash out our projects?
The reason why Java/.NET/PHP developers are so volumnous is that there are numerous training centers around the world and even people with no computer science or programming background will learn it. But a majority of these people, even after much experience will no improve themselves. Regardless of the number of years of experience, they will only know how to get the project done with their specialization, but they WILL NOT BE THINKING OF YOUR BUSINESS. In fact, they will be thinking adding on many unnecessary features or increase the time of technical development in order to increase your bill and intentionally create flawed architectures for you to return. We are not like that. We are developers who have worked on huge projects and have worked with every aspect of the development cycle from frontend to backend, from software architecture design to testing, to deploying on the Cloud. In essence, we know the entire scope of the development process of a mobile app or website. Moreover, we are entrepreneurs. We understand business and we know exactly how to develop applications that can quickly evolve with the demands of the market. The point is not to get your website or app done in one shot. Not convinced? Give us a try, and we're sure you'll keep coming back to us for future improvements.

In this modern, highly competitive market, fast deployment and delivery is necessary and we use the appropriate tools to satisfy your unique requirements as fast as possible. We are fearless polyglots. We speak many programming languages and can quickly adapt to new software technologies without hesitation. 

We are also wary. When a new software technology comes out, we analyze the risk. Is this technology built to last? Is it built to scale? We do all the risk analysis for you.

Your prices are rather high. Why should I pay you when I get it done cheaply?
It's a general rule that you get what you pay for. If you hire cheap developers, you will obtain a product that requires future maintenance and will result in a loss of time and money. It will also be a nightmare to update the product to add new features if a mediocre developer implemented an ad-hoc architecture. If you hire Xemplry developers, you will obtain a rock-solid product that will be ready for customer consumption and easily extensible upon customer demand.

You have a tendency to   

the results you get will be cheap and you'll have to make up for the shortcomings with payments in the future. Moreover, the common mindset is that spending on technology is an expense. It's an expense if you don't have clients  If you pay less for technical services, you  offer high value services targeted towards helping your business or your company grow in the best possible way. 

How can we trust a group of youngsters to handle large scale projects?
Because we have people who understand the full scope of the development cycle and are experienced with architecting large applications. Our members are incredibly passionate about programming and technology and each has a remarkable achievement under their belt. For example, Rahul at the age of 13 built an online, multiplayer game called Megaman: Navi Wars on the BYOND Platform using the Dream Maker programming language which had 15,000 lines of code. Which had over 676 players overall and 340 players in a single day (Screenshots here). And the list goes on and on. While you can get  


We are very selective of our members. We hand-pick high quality programmers who are self-directed, are in love with technology. We pick designers who are highly creative, make intuitive designs, and are user-centric.



